Website Ideas!:
	☐	Gift of the Month (BuchNu)
	☐	Gift Cards?
		-Pretty sure would be very simple via Square
	☐	"In the Media" - (K&L, also JHA) scanned and highlighted every paper publication they're mentioned in
		-Currently ours are just images of our own print ads
	☐	Could do a New Arrivals page with featured items, and they can have PDF tear sheets? (JHA)
		-Woocommerce PDF & Print Plugin
	☐	Transfer Wordfence premium license from Excess to JDF
		-Getting lots of unauthorized login attempts
	☐	Looking for something specific? We might have it in RT!
		-Or something like that. Coco said it could get super complicated if we make like a specific "pick" for the customer. And we don't want to set precedence that we will always have it in RT. But if I do do a section like that, can do a banner with bg video of walking through the warehouse. It gives the idea of just how large the space is
		-Compound is 2 acres
	☐	Compound is 2 acres


Business Thoughts:
	☐	Become member of BBB?
	☐	Set up a managed Yelp profile
		-would help with organic SEO, along with Google/Bing Maps results



Phrasing Inspo:
	☐	"Never Miss A Container!" for newsletter sign up (JHA)
	☐	"Hand Procured" (JHA)
	☐	Unloading 62 containers since 2013 (something like this)



Furniture Knowledge:
	☐	Iron lockplate (panel that key goes into)



Email Ideas:
	☐	"Your Sign Here!"
		-And then people could come and take a photo in front of it. They would tell their friends, who would tell their friends. Guuuud one coco
	✔	prices up, we're down @done (25-05-21 09:12)
		-enjoy up to 30% off all our antique wood furniture on in-stock inventory





Blog Ideas:
	☐	Black metal garden chairs, brass tips
		-find on restoration hardware website, other competitors
		-don't have to state specific pricing, but can use it as a method of featuring how we have "the originals"
	✔	Still want to continue my Anduze provenance article @done (25-05-16 14:39)
	☐	Also the Lalique (even though we've sold some)
	☐	A spotlight on our majolica and faiance pieces
		Can give history on the traditions, and samples of our pieces
	☐	feature new Napoleon III mirror, is a period piece
	☐	A history and background on limoges porcelain



